may I have your attention please may I
have your attention please will the real
Slim Shady hello ladies and gentlemen's
it is modern player you sign in with you
guys this is a quick that would it be 12
gameplay and we'll have some more of
this my channel and enjoy Eisen let's go
Chuck John good luck tonight thanks yo
Lou easy on him he's gonna match Yeah
right Oh Jack your face marked up the
floor havin fun you two so coming up
next it'll be John Cena versus the
Undertaker and don't forget in four
weeks the WWE hosts bragging rights Cena
is scheduled to defend his world
heavyweight championship against
Undertaker's brother Kane the man he
defeated last night and Hell in a Cell
but who's going to represent team raw
and team smackdown in the bragging
rights smackdown vs raw tag team match
the qualification matches for that
showdown will begin tonight's
gentlemen were watching the
longest-running weekly episodic
television show in history this is
Monday Night Raw oh no
Bella you annoy are gonna got Sheamus
Sheamus doing out here
ladies and gentlemen if you're just
joining us this is supposed to be a
non-title match between John Cena and
The Undertaker but for some reason the
celtic warrior sheamus has decided to
viciously attack cita
Sheamus has Cena he's going to throw him
off the ramp Oh Cena caught himself
good Sheamus is there
No
is barely moving
keep it safe
ladies and gentlemen this is Monday
Night Raw it's been a wild life as far
as we've already learned to four of the
members representing t-raww will be at
bragging rights and now we get Sheamus
versus Daniel Bryan shakes the same man
who earlier tonight viciously attacked
John Cena before his non-title match
with Undertaker preventing that match so
even if furry